- As AWS’s main storage service, S3 can serve many purposes when designing highly available fault tolerant, and secure application architecture. Including:
  - Bulk (basically unlimited) static object storage
  - Various storage classes to optimize cost vs needed object availability/durability
  - Access restrictions via S3 bucket policies/permissions
  - Object management via lifecycle policies
  - Hosting static files & websites
  - Origin for CloudFront CDN
  - File shares and backup/archiving for hybrid networks 
- Fact: Objects stay within an AWS region and are sync across all AZ’s for extremely high availability and durability
- Read consistency rules:
  - All regions support read-after-write consistency for puts of new objects
  - All regions use eventual consistency for puts overwriting existing objects and deletes of objects
- After you receive a temporary copy of the restored object, the object's storage class remains GLACIER (a GET or HEAD request will return GLACIER as the storage class). Note that when you restore an archive you pay for both the archive (GLACIER rate) and a copy you restored temporarily (RRS rate).
- S3 access policy: Prefix applies to objects with the prefix xxxx
- Restrict access: S3 bucket policy, CloudFront distribution on the bucket, and S3 ACL on the bucket/object
- Identity Federation based on AWS STS using an AWS IAM policy for the respective S3 bucket
- Determine that our remote administrative access is performed securely, Make sure that S3 
- bucket policies and ACLs correctly implement our security policies
- You can use MFA to prevent accidental deletions of an object
- You can use S3 storage analytics to see storage patterns.
- You can make private objects public by setting the AWS bucket policy which marks all objects as public
- Bucket ACL can define permission to me, everyone, any authenticated aws user and log delivery.  A bucket policy as shown below can be used to prevent an IP address block from accessing public objects in an S3 bucket (Condition / IpAddress | NoIpAddress/ aws:SourceIp)
- Server-side encryption is about protecting data at rest. Using server-side encryption with customer-provided encryption keys (SSE-C) allows you to set your own encryption keys. With the encryption key you provide as part of your request, Amazon S3 manages both the encryption, as it writes to disks, and decryption, when you access your objects. Therefore, you don't need to maintain any code to perform data encryption and decryption. The only thing you do is manage the encryption keys you provide.